[GCP] Add docs for github action run (#1505)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/cloud-providers/gcp/installation.md

<CreateServiceAccountAndKey/>

<h2> Running the Helm command </h2>

> :::warning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info Data security
```

> The Ocean integration doesn't store the encoded file anywhere but locally. It's NOT being sent to Port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ocean integration does not store the encoded file anywhere.  
It is saved locally, and is NOT sent to Port at any time.
```

<GivePermissionsToNewServiceAccount/>

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="ci" label="CI/CD (Scheduled)">

<Tabs groupId="ci-methods" defaultValue="github" queryString="ci-methods">

<TabItem value="github" label="GitHub Actions">

The Ocean Google Cloud integration uses Google's ADC (Application Default Credentials). In order to properly set-up, this guide will be divided into two parts:

1. Creating a service account.
2. Setting up the GitHub Actions workflow.

<CreateServiceAccountAndKey/>

## Setting up the GitHub Actions workflow

> :::warning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info Data security
```

> The Ocean integration doesn't store the encoded file anywhere but locally. It's NOT being sent to Port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ocean integration does not store the encoded file anywhere.  
It is saved locally, and is NOT sent to Port at any time.
```
